*Story Ideas* 
IMF v. Chinese Loans in Latin America
There is an ongoing battle for influence in Latin America between the United States and China. Much of that battle is played out in the extension of loans to Latin American nations. Since 2005, China has extended $141 billion in loans to Latin American for energy and infrastructure projects. Latin America has a long history of being taken advantage of through international loans, and many blame past loans by the International Monetary Fund for exacerbating austerity-induced poverty in the region. Despite widespread mistrust, the International Monetary Fund is again extending loans to Latin America as some nations balance between Western and Chinese influence. In the past year, the IMF has reached loan agreements with Ecuador, Haiti and Argentina. The $57 billion deal made with Argentina is the largest in the IMF’s history. I think a breakdown of international loan politics in Latin America could be an exciting visual story that shows a case study for how China and U.S.-friendly financial institutions battle for influence around the world. I would like to learn from this story what faction has more financial influence in Latin American and what that means for the future of the region. 

Plan Colombia and Immigration
Last year I calculated what appears to be a correlation between the US-Colombia aid program known as Plan Colombia and Colombians immigrating to the United States. Despite being in a continuing state of war for decades, Colombian immigration to the United States does not rise until 1999, the advent of increased U.S. aid to Colombia military and paramilitary forces, who have since been implicated in myriad human rights abuses. The number of Colombia internally displaced also rises over the same period. While this correlation might be easily explained by the general displacement caused by Colombia anti-narcotics military campaign, the role of U.S. aid in this phenomena cannot be understated. From this assignment, I would like to know if it’s possible US assistance to the Colombian military caused increases in internal and external migration in Colombia, and if there are other examples of this happening elsewhere in the world. 
